

Mindwave Repos
------------------------------
https://github.com/search?p=1&q=neurosky&ref=cmdform&type=Repositories


Infomercial Copy
------------------------------

Meditation is a word that gets thrown around a lot these days
But what does it really mean?
How do you really do it?
And how do you even know if you're successful?

There are a lot of questions, and even more opinions.
You could… Shave your head, move to Tibet, and study with a monk
Or… you can monitor your progress right at home!

We've taken the newest technology, combined it with years of research
and packaged it all together. The approach is simple, exact, and gives real results.

Unlike other systems, with Meditation Mate 
you will have access to your body statistics like heart rate, blood pressure, temperature, and many more.



Measure stress levels before and after meditation,
keep track of meditation depth,
set goals and keep track.

Whether you're looking to improve your cardiovascular activity,
attain deeper levels of trance,
or just reduce stress… 
we'll help you understand it from A to Z

WARNING: Use of Meditation Mate may result in a beautiful outlook on life with no side effects. Consult your common sense if meditation is right for you.


--------------------------------------------

what if the app sensed the brain waves, notice RIGHT when you get to theta/delta, and softly remind you to focus

basically at the point right before you fall asleep, keep you there with some voice, maybe even light binaural if you get too sleepy or too awake

then you literally would have to do nothing but let go, relax, and let go, let yourself fall asleep until it tells you to focus

for me at least, the hardest part about reaching altered states of consciousness is that they always start happening at the point RIGHT before sleep, and I end up either being too awake or fall asleep

it's been getting easier recently, but with meditation mate programmed that way, would definitely help get the hang of it a lot faster